README.md, before:

#  The most used words in the text

##  You can list the most used words and binary and ternary phrases in a .txt file of your choice.

***Hello*** ***everyone***. ***I*** ***am*** ***with*** ***you*** ***with*** ***my*** ***new*** ***project*** :) ***From*** ***now*** ***on***, ***I*** ***will*** ***share*** ***the*** ***projects*** ***I*** ***made*** ***during*** ***my*** ***learning*** ***adventure*** ***about*** ***Python*** ***and*** ***its*** ***frameworks*** ***in*** ***this*** ***repo*** ***and*** ***if*** ***you*** ***find*** ***anything*** ***useful***, ***you*** ***can*** ***use*** ***it*** ***with*** ***pleasure***. ***Have*** ***fun*** ***in*** ***advance***. ***Take*** ***care*** :) 
*****
## Installation
First clone the project.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tahaasann/PyProject.git
```

******

This project can be successfully executed by pasting any text into a .txt file and then path that .txt file to 
```Python
file-name = 'your-file.txt' 
``` 
in line 18 of the script.
 >You can also adjust the length of your list by changing the numbers in the fields labeled "[:10]" in lines 31, 35 and 39. Like:
 ```Python
 for word, number in word_list[:10]
 ``` 
 >Finally, with this tool you can get information about how many words are in a text, how many different words there are, etc. 

I would appreciate a star :) 
*****
**That's my github profile**: [tahaasann on github](https://github.com/tahaasann)

Commit message:

README.md file was updated and base app file has been renamed.

README.md, after:

#  The most used words in the text

##  You can list the most used words and binary and ternary phrases in a .txt file of your choice.

***Hello*** ***everyone***. ***I*** ***am*** ***with*** ***you*** ***with*** ***my*** ***new*** ***project*** :) ***From*** ***now*** ***on***, ***I*** ***will*** ***share*** ***the*** ***projects*** ***I*** ***made*** ***during*** ***my*** ***learning*** ***adventure*** ***about*** ***Python*** ***and*** ***its*** ***frameworks*** ***in*** ***this*** ***repo*** ***and*** ***if*** ***you*** ***find*** ***anything*** ***useful***, ***you*** ***can*** ***use*** ***it*** ***with*** ***pleasure***. ***Have*** ***fun*** ***in*** ***advance***. ***Take*** ***care*** :) 
*****
## Installation
First clone the project.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tahaasann/PyProject.git
```
****
## Usage
After cloning the project, login to the file where the project is located from the terminal.
```bash
cd pyproject
```
***
## Build
If you have accessed **PyProject** via Terminal(cmd), all you need to do is to set up and build your files as I have directed below. To build:

```bash
python app.py
```

******

This project can be successfully executed by pasting any text into a .txt file and then path that .txt file to 
```Python
file-name = 'your-file.txt' 
``` 
in line 18 of the script.
 >You can also adjust the length of your list by changing the numbers in the fields labeled "[:10]" in lines 31, 35 and 39. Like:
 ```Python
 for word, number in word_list[:10]
 ``` 
 >Finally, with this tool you can get information about how many words are in a text, how many different words there are, etc. 

I would appreciate a star :) 
*****
**That's my github profile**: [tahaasann on github](https://github.com/tahaasann)
